README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Entertainment web app solution <!-- omit from toc -->

This is a solution to the [Entertainment web app challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/entertainment-web-app-J-UhgAW1X). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic project.

## Table of contents <!-- omit from toc -->

- [Overview](#overview)
- [The challenge](#the-challenge)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

## The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Navigate between Home, Movies, TV Series, and Bookmarked Shows pages
- Add/Remove bookmarks from all movies and TV series
- Search for relevant shows on all pages
- **Bonus**: Build this project as a full-stack application
- **Bonus**: If you're building a full-stack app, we provide authentication screen (sign-up/login) designs if you'd like to create an auth flow

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - React framework

### Useful resources

- [Write good scrum tickets](https://www.jacobparis.com/content/agile-ticketing)
- [My notes on user stories](https://gist.github.com/seanh/8a5b7b36d5c4fdfcfbd3b42506296968)
- [How to Test User Interactions Using the React Testing Library](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-test-user-interactions-in-react/)
- [NextJS 12 & 13 SVG Embed.md](https://gist.github.com/lukebussey/8387bb038629dccc01a62487614f44df)
- [[Next.js 13.3.0] Upgrade breaks @svgr/webpack in appDir](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/issues/48177#issuecomment-1557354538)
- [Next.JS: Testing](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/optimizing/testing#playwright)
- [How To Set Up Next.JS With Jest, React Testing Library and Playwright](https://blog.jarrodwatts.com/how-to-set-up-nextjs-with-jest-react-testing-library-and-playwright)
- [Caching dependencies to speed up workflows](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/caching-dependencies-to-speed-up-workflows)
- [Jest With GitHub Actions](https://blog.dennisokeeffe.com/blog/2021-10-27-jest-with-github-actions)
- [Continuous Integration with Jest Tests and Github Actions](https://joelhooks.com/jest-and-github-actions/)
- [Run your GitHub Actions locally 🚀](https://github.com/nektos/act)
- [Jest - SVGR](https://react-svgr.com/docs/jest/)
- [Avoid jest svg failures using NextJS + @svgr/webpack](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/discussions/42535)
- [Avoiding React act warning when accessibility testing next/link with jest-axe](https://www.benmvp.com/blog/avoiding-react-act-warning-when-accessibility-testing-next-link-jest-axe/)
- [How to Debounce and Throttle Callbacks in React](https://dmitripavlutin.com/react-throttle-debounce/)
- [How to debounce and throttle in React without losing your mind](https://www.developerway.com/posts/debouncing-in-react)
- [Debouncing with React Hooks](https://dev.to/gabe_ragland/debouncing-with-react-hooks-jci)
- [next-router-mock](https://github.com/scottrippey/next-router-mock)
- [next-router-mock: Support Next 13 'next/navigation' router](https://github.com/scottrippey/next-router-mock/issues/67#issuecomment-1564906960)
- [How to Write Unit Tests with React Testing Library in Next.js](https://blog.bitsrc.io/how-to-write-unit-tests-with-react-testing-library-in-the-next-js-5d22798afd9a)
- [Swiper nested inside display:grid css](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/61373563/swiper-nested-inside-displaygrid-css)
- [Prevent content from expanding grid items](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43311943/prevent-content-from-expanding-grid-items)
- [Why does minmax(0, 1fr) work for long elements while 1fr doesn't?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/52861086/why-does-minmax0-1fr-work-for-long-elements-while-1fr-doesnt)
- [Hidden content for better a11y](https://gomakethings.com/hidden-content-for-better-a11y/#hiding-the-link)

## Author

- Website - [www.richardcyrus.com](https://www.richardcyrus.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@richardcyrus](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/richardcyrus)

Commit message:

chore: add screenshot, update README

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Entertainment web app solution <!-- omit from toc -->

This is a solution to the [Entertainment web app challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/entertainment-web-app-J-UhgAW1X). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic project.

## Table of contents <!-- omit from toc -->

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
- Navigate between Home, Movies, TV Series, and Bookmarked Shows pages
- Add/Remove bookmarks from all movies and TV series
- Search for relevant shows on all pages
- **Bonus**: Build this project as a full-stack application
- **Bonus**: If you're building a full-stack app, we provide authentication screen (sign-up/login) designs if you'd like to create an auth flow

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.png)

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - React framework

### What I learned

I chose to try the new app router in Next.js 13.

- I liked the inheritance of the layout.
- Understanding how to work with server actions and RSC took a bit more work.

### Continued development

- Add more testing.
- Look at possibly using Playwright in future projects, or when updating existing projects.

### Useful resources

- [Write good scrum tickets](https://www.jacobparis.com/content/agile-ticketing)
- [My notes on user stories](https://gist.github.com/seanh/8a5b7b36d5c4fdfcfbd3b42506296968)
- [How to Test User Interactions Using the React Testing Library](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-test-user-interactions-in-react/)
- [NextJS 12 & 13 SVG Embed.md](https://gist.github.com/lukebussey/8387bb038629dccc01a62487614f44df)
- [[Next.js 13.3.0] Upgrade breaks @svgr/webpack in appDir](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/issues/48177#issuecomment-1557354538)
- [Next.JS: Testing](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/optimizing/testing#playwright)
- [How To Set Up Next.JS With Jest, React Testing Library and Playwright](https://blog.jarrodwatts.com/how-to-set-up-nextjs-with-jest-react-testing-library-and-playwright)
- [Caching dependencies to speed up workflows](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/caching-dependencies-to-speed-up-workflows)
- [Jest With GitHub Actions](https://blog.dennisokeeffe.com/blog/2021-10-27-jest-with-github-actions)
- [Continuous Integration with Jest Tests and Github Actions](https://joelhooks.com/jest-and-github-actions/)
- [Run your GitHub Actions locally 🚀](https://github.com/nektos/act)
- [Jest - SVGR](https://react-svgr.com/docs/jest/)
- [Avoid jest svg failures using NextJS + @svgr/webpack](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/discussions/42535)
- [Avoiding React act warning when accessibility testing next/link with jest-axe](https://www.benmvp.com/blog/avoiding-react-act-warning-when-accessibility-testing-next-link-jest-axe/)
- [How to Debounce and Throttle Callbacks in React](https://dmitripavlutin.com/react-throttle-debounce/)
- [How to debounce and throttle in React without losing your mind](https://www.developerway.com/posts/debouncing-in-react)
- [Debouncing with React Hooks](https://dev.to/gabe_ragland/debouncing-with-react-hooks-jci)
- [next-router-mock](https://github.com/scottrippey/next-router-mock)
- [next-router-mock: Support Next 13 'next/navigation' router](https://github.com/scottrippey/next-router-mock/issues/67#issuecomment-1564906960)
- [How to Write Unit Tests with React Testing Library in Next.js](https://blog.bitsrc.io/how-to-write-unit-tests-with-react-testing-library-in-the-next-js-5d22798afd9a)
- [Swiper nested inside display:grid css](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/61373563/swiper-nested-inside-displaygrid-css)
- [Prevent content from expanding grid items](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43311943/prevent-content-from-expanding-grid-items)
- [Why does minmax(0, 1fr) work for long elements while 1fr doesn't?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/52861086/why-does-minmax0-1fr-work-for-long-elements-while-1fr-doesnt)
- [Hidden content for better a11y](https://gomakethings.com/hidden-content-for-better-a11y/#hiding-the-link)

## Author

- Website - [www.richardcyrus.com](https://www.richardcyrus.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@richardcyrus](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/richardcyrus)
